docs: move emerald and cipher into other-paratimes (#1041)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/dapp/tools/other-paratimes/README.mdx

---
description: Other Paratimes
---
import DocCard from '@theme/DocCard';
import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList';
import {findSidebarItem} from '@site/src/sidebarUtils';

# Other ParaTimes

> In addition to our primary ParaTime, [Sapphire], several other ParaTimes are
> running on top of the consensus layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to our primary ParaTime, [Sapphire], several additional ParaTimes
are running on top of the consensus layer.
```

> DApp developers can build on these ParaTimes based on their specific
> requirements, such as confidentiality and EVM compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DApp developers can choose a Paratime to build on according to their
specific requirements, such as confidentiality and EVM compatibility.
```

Learn more by exploring the ParaTimes below!

|                      | EVM-compatible                                        | Oasis Wasm                                          |
|---------------------:|-------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| **Confidential**     | <DocCard item={findSidebarItem('/dapp/sapphire/')} /> | <DocCard item={findSidebarItem('/dapp/tools/other-paratimes/cipher/')} /> |

> | **Non-Confidential** | <DocCard item={findSidebarItem('/dapp/tools/other-paratimes/emerald/')} />  |    

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Non-Confidential** | <DocCard item={findSidebarItem('/dapp/tools/other-paratimes/emerald/')} />  | |
```
